.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, before:

## Description

Fixes #<ISSUE-NUMBER>

Note: Before submitting a pull request, please open an issue for discussion if you are not associated with Google.

## Checklist
- [ ] I have followed [Sample Guidelines from AUTHORING_GUIDE.MD](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/blob/main/AUTHORING_GUIDE.md)
- [ ] README is updated to include [all relevant information](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/blob/main/AUTHORING_GUIDE.md#readme-file)
- [ ] **Tests** pass:   `nox -s py-3.9` (see [Test Environment Setup](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/blob/main/AUTHORING_GUIDE.md#test-environment-setup))
- [ ] **Lint** pass:   `nox -s lint` (see [Test Environment Setup](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/blob/main/AUTHORING_GUIDE.md#test-environment-setup))
- [ ] These samples need a new **API enabled** in testing projects to pass (let us know which ones)
- [ ] These samples need a new/updated **env vars** in testing projects set to pass (let us know which ones)
- [ ] Please **merge** this PR for me once it is approved.
- [ ] This sample adds a new sample directory, and I updated the [CODEOWNERS file](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/blob/main/.github/CODEOWNERS) with the codeowners for this sample

Commit message:

chore: PR Template updates (#9561)
Updates to the PR Template before upcoming Fix-It.

## Description

Fixes b/275440694

## Checklist
- [X] I have followed [Sample Guidelines from AUTHORING_GUIDE.MD](https://togithub.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/blob/main/AUTHORING_GUIDE.md)
- [X] Please **merge** this PR for me once it is approved.

.github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md, after:

## Description

Fixes #<ISSUE-NUMBER>

Note: Before submitting a pull request, please open an issue for discussion if you are not associated with Google.

## Checklist
- [ ] I have followed [Sample Guidelines from AUTHORING_GUIDE.MD](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/blob/main/AUTHORING_GUIDE.md)
- [ ] README is updated to include [all relevant information](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/blob/main/AUTHORING_GUIDE.md#readme-file)
- [ ] **Tests** pass:   `nox -s py-3.9` (see [Test Environment Setup](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/blob/main/AUTHORING_GUIDE.md#test-environment-setup))
- [ ] **Lint** pass:   `nox -s lint` (see [Test Environment Setup](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/blob/main/AUTHORING_GUIDE.md#test-environment-setup))
- [ ] These samples need a new **API enabled** in testing projects to pass (let us know which ones)
- [ ] These samples need a new/updated **env vars** in testing projects set to pass (let us know which ones)
- [ ] This sample adds a new sample directory, and I updated the [CODEOWNERS file](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/blob/main/.github/CODEOWNERS) with the codeowners for this sample
- [ ] This sample adds a new **Product API**, and I updated the [Blunderbuss issue/PR auto-assigner](https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples/blob/main/.github/blunderbuss.yml) with the codeowners for this sample
- [ ] Please **merge** this PR for me once it is approved
