bigquery/remote-function/README.rst, before:

.. This file is automatically generated. Do not edit this file directly.

BigQuery Remote Function Python Samples
===============================================================================

.. image:: https://gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.png
   :target: https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples&page=editor&open_in_editor=/README.rst


This directory contains samples for BigQuery Remote Function. `BigQuery Remote Function`_ allows you to analyze structured and unstructured data by integrating services outside BigQuery including Vision, Document AI, Speech-to-Text etc.




.. _BigQuery Remote Function: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/standard-sql/remote-functions






Setup
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Authentication
++++++++++++++

This sample requires you to have authentication setup. Refer to the
`Authentication Getting Started Guide`_ for instructions on setting up
credentials for applications.

.. _Authentication Getting Started Guide:
    https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started

Install Dependencies
++++++++++++++++++++

#. Clone python-docs-samples and change directory to the sample directory you want to use.

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ git clone https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples.git

#. Install `pip`_ and `virtualenv`_ if you do not already have them. You may want to refer to the `Python Development Environment Setup Guide`_ for Google Cloud Platform for instructions.

   .. _Python Development Environment Setup Guide:
       https://cloud.google.com/python/setup

#. Create a virtualenv. Samples are compatible with Python 3.6+.

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ virtualenv env
        $ source env/bin/activate

#. Install the dependencies needed to run the samples.

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ pip install -r requirements.txt

.. _pip: https://pip.pypa.io/
.. _virtualenv: https://virtualenv.pypa.io/

Samples
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- `Vision`_: this sample can detect and extract objects from input images.
- `Document`_: this sample can extract text from input documents.


.. _Vision: vision/
.. _Document: document/

The client library
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This sample uses the `Google Cloud Client Library for Python`_.
You can read the documentation for more details on API usage and use GitHub
to `browse the source`_ and  `report issues`_.

.. _Google Cloud Client Library for Python:
    https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-python/
.. _browse the source:
    https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-python
.. _report issues:
    https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-python/issues


.. _Google Cloud SDK: https://cloud.google.com/sdk/

Commit message:

Update README to include translate sample

bigquery/remote-function/README.rst, after:

.. This file is automatically generated. Do not edit this file directly.

BigQuery Remote Function Python Samples
===============================================================================

.. image:: https://gstatic.com/cloudssh/images/open-btn.png
   :target: https://console.cloud.google.com/cloudshell/open?git_repo=https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples&page=editor&open_in_editor=/README.rst


This directory contains samples for BigQuery Remote Function. `BigQuery Remote Function`_ allows you to analyze structured and unstructured data by integrating services outside BigQuery including Vision, Document AI, Speech-to-Text etc.




.. _BigQuery Remote Function: https://cloud.google.com/bigquery/docs/reference/standard-sql/remote-functions






Setup
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------


Authentication
++++++++++++++

This sample requires you to have authentication setup. Refer to the
`Authentication Getting Started Guide`_ for instructions on setting up
credentials for applications.

.. _Authentication Getting Started Guide:
    https://cloud.google.com/docs/authentication/getting-started

Install Dependencies
++++++++++++++++++++

#. Clone python-docs-samples and change directory to the sample directory you want to use.

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ git clone https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/python-docs-samples.git

#. Install `pip`_ and `virtualenv`_ if you do not already have them. You may want to refer to the `Python Development Environment Setup Guide`_ for Google Cloud Platform for instructions.

   .. _Python Development Environment Setup Guide:
       https://cloud.google.com/python/setup

#. Create a virtualenv. Samples are compatible with Python 3.6+.

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ virtualenv env
        $ source env/bin/activate

#. Install the dependencies needed to run the samples.

    .. code-block:: bash

        $ pip install -r requirements.txt

.. _pip: https://pip.pypa.io/
.. _virtualenv: https://virtualenv.pypa.io/

Samples
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

- `Vision`_: this sample can detect and extract objects from input images.
- `Document`_: this sample can extract text from input documents.
- `Translate`_: this sample can translate input text to other languages.


.. _Vision: vision/
.. _Document: document/
.. _Translate: translate/

The client library
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------

This sample uses the `Google Cloud Client Library for Python`_.
You can read the documentation for more details on API usage and use GitHub
to `browse the source`_ and  `report issues`_.

.. _Google Cloud Client Library for Python:
    https://googlecloudplatform.github.io/google-cloud-python/
.. _browse the source:
    https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-python
.. _report issues:
    https://github.com/GoogleCloudPlatform/google-cloud-python/issues


.. _Google Cloud SDK: https://cloud.google.com/sdk/
